Document Soundboard (#6260)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Soundboard.md

Users can play soundboard sounds in voice channels, triggering a [Voice Channel Effect Send](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/voice-channel-effect-send) Gateway event for users connected to the voice channel.

There is a set of [default sounds](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/list-default-soundboard-sounds) available to all users. Soundboard sounds can also be [created in a guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/create-guild-soundboard-sound); users will be able to use the sounds in the guild, and Nitro subscribers can use them in all guilds.

Soundboard sounds in a set of guilds can be retrieved over the Gateway using [Request Soundboard Sounds](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/request-soundboard-sounds).

### Soundboard Sound Object

###### Soundboard Sound Structure

| Field      | Type                                            | Description                                                               |
|------------|-------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name       | string                                          | the name of this sound                                                    |

> | sound_id   | snowflake                                       | the id of this sound                                                      |

Reviewer: why is it `sound_id` instead of `id` like for other snowflake objects?

Reviewer 2: there used to be an [`id` field](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/pull/6260/commits/00d36a96b8fb84abd6b72499dea977a7b30d57b4), they got rid of it and perhaps didn't see a point in breaking and changing the name

| volume     | double                                          | the volume of this sound, from 0 to 1                                     |
| emoji_id   | ?snowflake                                      | the id of this sound's custom emoji                                       |
| emoji_name | ?string                                         | the unicode character of this sound's standard emoji                      |
| guild_id?  | snowflake                                       | the id of the guild this sound is in                                      |
| available  | boolean                                         | whether this sound can be used, may be false due to loss of Server Boosts |
| user?      | [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) object | the user who created this sound                                           |

### Sound Files

A soundboard sound can be retrieved in MP3 or Ogg format at the URL:

```
https://cdn.discordapp.com/soundboard-sounds/{sound_id}
```

## Send Soundboard Sound % POST /channels/{channel.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object}/send-soundboard-sound

> Send a soundboard sound to a voice channel the user is connected to. Fires a Voice Channel Effect Send Gateway event.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Send a soundboard sound to a voice channel the user is connected to. Fires a [Voice Channel Effect Send](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/voice-channel-effect-send) Gateway event.
```
The gateway event could get a link back to the soundboard sound object as well (commenting this again, since the visibility on the other comment isn't great / it's apparently outdated)...

Requires the `SPEAK` and `USE_SOUNDBOARD` permissions, and also the `USE_EXTERNAL_SOUNDS` permission if the sound is from a different server. Additionally, requires the user's [voice state](#DOCS_RESOURCES_VOICE/voice-state-object) to not have `deaf`, `self_deaf`, `mute`, or `suppress` enabled.

###### JSON Params

| Field            | Type      | Description                                                                                      |
|------------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| sound_id         | snowflake | the id of the soundboard sound to play                                                           |
| source_guild_id? | snowflake | the id of the guild the soundboard sound is from, required to play sounds from different servers |

## List Default Soundboard Sounds % GET /soundboard-default-sounds

Returns an array of [soundboard sound](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object) objects that can be used by all users.

## List Guild Soundboard Sounds % GET /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/soundboard-sounds

> Returns a list of the guild's soundboard sounds. Includes `user` fields if the bot has the `CREATE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` or `MANAGE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission.

Reviewer 4: Maybe also add the information when `CREATE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` is sufficient as it's in get soundboard sound.
```suggestion
Returns a list of the guild's soundboard sounds. Includes `user` fields if the bot has the `MANAGE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission, or if the bot created the sound and has the `CREATE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission.
```

Author: this is actually correct here and wrong on all the other get routes lol. `user` is returned if you have either permission, regardless of who made it

###### Response Structure

| Field | Type                                                                                    |
|-------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| items | array of [soundboard sound](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object) objects |

## Get Guild Soundboard Sound % GET /guilds/{guild.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object}/soundboard-sounds/{sound.id#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object}

> Returns a [soundboard sound](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object) object for the given sound id. Includes the `user` field if the bot has the `MANAGE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission, or if the bot created the emoji and has the the `CREATE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission.

Reviewer 4: Typos
```suggestion
Returns a [soundboard sound](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object) object for the given sound id. Includes the `user` field if the bot has the `MANAGE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission, or if the bot created the sound and has the `CREATE_GUILD_EXPRESSIONS` permission.
```

# Soundboard Resource

> Users can play soundboard sounds in voice channels, triggering a Voice Channel Effect Send Gateway event for users connected to the voice channel. Bots cannot play soundboard sounds. Soundboard use is controlled by the `USE_SOUNDBOARD` and `USE_EXTERNAL_SOUNDS` [permissions](#DOCS_TOPICS_PERMISSIONS).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Users can play soundboard sounds in voice channels, triggering a [Voice Channel Effect Send](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/voice-channel-effect-send) Gateway event for users connected to the voice channel. Bots cannot play soundboard sounds. Soundboard use is controlled by the `USE_SOUNDBOARD` and `USE_EXTERNAL_SOUNDS` [permissions](#DOCS_TOPICS_PERMISSIONS).
```

Author: this will make the ci fail until #6025 gets merged

Reviewer 3: This (finally) shouldn't be an issue anymore. And the voice channel effect send GW event could get a link back to soundboard sounds as well now.

> There is a set of [default sounds](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/list-soundboard-default-sounds) available to all users. Soundboard sounds can also be [created in a guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/create-guild-soundboard-sound); users will be able to use the sounds in the guild, and Nitro subscribers can use them in all guilds.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There is a set of [default sounds](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/list-soundboard-default-sounds) available to all users. Soundboard sounds can also be [created in a guild](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/create-guild-soundboard-sound); users will be able to use the sounds in this guild, and Nitro subscribers can use them in any guild.
```

> Soundboard sounds in a set of guilds can be retreived over the Gateway using [Request Soundboard Sounds](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/request-soundboard-sounds).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Soundboard sounds in a set of guilds can be retrieved over the Gateway using [Request Soundboard Sounds](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY_EVENTS/request-soundboard-sounds).
```

### Soundboard Sound Object

###### Soundboard Sound Structure

| Field         | Type                                            | Description                                                                                  |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name          | string                                          | the name of this sound                                                                       |

> | sound_id      | snowflake                                       | the id of this sound                                                                         |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| sound_id      | snowflake                                       | the id of this [sound](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/sound-files)                                                                         |
```

> | id?           | snowflake                                       | the id of this sound                                                                         |

Reviewer 3: Oh sorry mb, missed that part...

| volume        | double                                          | the volume of this sound, from 0 to 1                                                        |
| emoji_id      | ?snowflake                                      | the id of this sound's custom emoji                                                          |
| emoji_name    | ?string                                         | the unicode character of this sound's standard emoji                                         |

> | override_path | ?string                                         | the filename of this sound (for default sounds)                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| override_path | ?string                                         | the filename of this [sound](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/sound-files) (for default sounds)                                              |
```

> | guild_id?     | snowflake                                       | the id of the guild this sound is in                                                         |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| guild_id?     | snowflake                                       | the id of the guild this sound belongs to                                                         |
```

| user_id       | snowflake                                       | the id of the user who created this sound                                                    |
| available?    | boolean                                         | whether this sound can be used (for guild sounds), may be false due to loss of Server Boosts |
| user?         | [user](#DOCS_RESOURCES_USER/user-object) object | the user who created this sound                                                              |

> ### Sound Files

Reviewer 3: maybe that could be integrated into the reference section somehow, since that's the only place where CDN endpoints are currently listed...

###### Base URL

```
https://cdn.discordapp.com/
```

###### CDN Endpoints

| Type                     | Path                                          |
| ------------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |

> | Soundboard Sound         | soundboard-sounds/sound_id                    |
> | Soundboard Default Sound | soundboard-default-sounds/sound_override_path |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Soundboard Sound         | soundboard-sounds/[sound_id](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object)                    |
| Soundboard Default Sound | soundboard-default-sounds/[sound_override_path](#DOCS_RESOURCES_SOUNDBOARD/soundboard-sound-object) |
```
